README.md, before:

# Swag-Bot
[![Discord Server](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/468302650337787914/embed.png)](https://discord.gg/ZG3UCB5)
[![Build With](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/discord.js.svg?maxAge=3600)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/discord.js)
My first ever discord bot using discord.js

## Frameworks
- Discord.js

## APIs
- riot api
- fortnite api
- weather.com api
- youtube api
- dog api
- dog facts api
- cat api
- cat facts api
- yandex api


### Command Trigger Prefix: !

## List of Commands
- essentials
    - invite
    - kick
    - ban
    - mute
    - unmute
    - prune
    - role
    - server
    - user-info
    - args-info
    - react-custom
    - avatar
    - beep
    - ping
    - poll
    - logan
- meme
    - meme
    - random-meme
    - gif
- gaming stats
    - Fortnite Tracker
    - League of Legends
        - lol-summoner
        - lol-rank
        - lol-champion
        - lol-tips
        - lol-ability
        - lol-skin
        - lol-match
- miscellaneous 
    - weather
    - zodiac
    - colors
    - color
- animal related
    - dog
    - dog facts
    - cat
    - cat facts
- games
    - 8ball
    - diceroll
    - coinflip
    - gamble
    - hangman
    - quiz
- music
    - play
    - skip
    - pause
    - resume
    - queue
- numbers
    - currency conversion
    - grade calculator
    - unit conversion
- words
    - urban - provides the urban dictionary definition of a specified word
    - random-urban - provides the urban dictionary definition of a random word
    - translate - translates text into different languages
- Insult
    - Fancy Insults

## XP/Coins DataBase System
- xp/Coins (check your current xp/coins)
- gamble (gamble your xp/coins for extra xp/coins)
- pay (pay someone a specific amount of xp/coins)

## Upcoming Commands
- Anime List
- Manga List
- More Data Fetcher
- More Insult

- my anime list

## Special Thanks / Resources / Credits
[dragonfire535](https://github.com/dragonfire535)

Commit message:

lol-stats-api is deprecated, so I used kayn instead. I also added joke, meme, momma for some extra humor. In addition, update all old leauge of legends commands and made two new league of legends commands: lol-match and lol-item (however the new lol-item command has unresolved issue)

README.md, after:

# Swag-Bot
[![Discord Server](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/468302650337787914/embed.png)](https://discord.gg/ZG3UCB5)
[![Build With](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/discord.js.svg?maxAge=3600)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/discord.js)
[![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/expressjs/express.svg)](https://github.com/c3duan/Swag-Bot/blob/master/package.json)

## Info
My first ever discord bot using discord.js, it has a total of 70 powerful commands along with a versatile xp database for the server.

## Frameworks
- Discord.js

## APIs
- riot api
- fortnite api
- weather.com api
- youtube api
- dog api
- dog facts api
- cat api
- cat facts api
- yandex api


### Command Trigger Prefix: !

## List of Commands
- essentials
    - invite
    - kick
    - ban
    - mute
    - unmute
    - prune
    - role
    - server
    - user-info
    - args-info
    - react-custom
    - avatar
    - beep
    - ping
    - poll
    - logan
- meme
    - meme
    - random-meme
    - gif
- gaming stats
    - Fortnite Tracker
    - League of Legends
        - lol-summoner
        - lol-rank
        - lol-champion
        - lol-tips
        - lol-ability
        - lol-skin
        - lol-match
- miscellaneous 
    - weather
    - zodiac
    - colors
    - color
- animal related
    - dog
    - dog facts
    - cat
    - cat facts
- games
    - 8ball
    - diceroll
    - coinflip
    - gamble
    - hangman
    - quiz
- music
    - play
    - skip
    - pause
    - resume
    - queue
- numbers
    - currency conversion
    - grade calculator
    - unit conversion
- words
    - urban - provides the urban dictionary definition of a specified word
    - random-urban - provides the urban dictionary definition of a random word
    - translate - translates text into different languages
- Insult
    - Fancy Insults

## XP/Coins DataBase System
- xp/Coins (check your current xp/coins)
- gamble (gamble your xp/coins for extra xp/coins)
- pay (pay someone a specific amount of xp/coins)

## Upcoming Commands
- Anime List
- Manga List
- More Data Fetcher
- More Insult

- my anime list

## Special Thanks / Resources / Credits
- **[dragonfire535](https://github.com/dragonfire535)**
